# Exercise 3: Keeping track of the customers

## Scenario

In order to further improve efficiency, and remove the risk of fraudulent manipulation of the cards,
the client wishes to move to a system that keeps track of each customer's accumulated purchases.

Each member of the loyalty club will now be issued a card with a unique identity code, which will be
scanned and sent to the system together with the purchase amount and the date of purchase.

The system needs to keep track of three things per customer:

* Member ID
* Date of first purchase
* Accumulated purchase value

The business rules are:

* If the member ID is not recorded, start a new record with date of purchase and purchase value 
* If the member ID is recorded, but the date of first purchase is more than a year before
    the date of the purchase, start a new record with date of purchase and purchase value
* Otherwise, add the purchase value to the accumulated purchase value
 
The output from the system should be:

* The amount for customer to pay for current purchase
* The accumulated purchase value
* The date of first purchase

For this exercise, in-memory storage of records will be used, with no persistence between instances of
the program.
 
## Examples

Using LocalDate for date arithmetics:

```scala
import java.time.LocalDate

val today = LocalDate.now

val yesterday = today.minusDays(1)

val lastYear = today.minusYears(1)

yesterday.isBefore(today)

```

## Code skeleton

You will find code skeleton and tests in the `se.citerus.practicalscala.state` package.
Implement the method on the Server class. Use the Calculator class from the previous
exercises for the discount logic.

Note that date checking logic should be based on the `dateOfPurchase` parameter in the Store API. 
There will never be any need for you to do `LocalDate.now()` in your code.

## Extra work

If you finish the exercise with time left, try to think how you could make the Store class
immutable and yet still keep state. How would the API change? Which feels more intuitive to 
you?


